Knouted we learn about property binding with these square brackets.
Let's change the styling of some of our elements dynamically.
Now let's start with the list item and not want to stick to the examples used in the other modules.
I want to style my Odd and Even numbers differently.
Now for this I will create a new helper method which will get a name get color and what gets color will
do is it will receive the number so it will receive the element.
Basically you code named as argument however you want to name it though and it will return the information
or the style and want to apply.
So here what I will do is I will again use the modulus operator to check if we do have a remainder.
So check if it say all or even number if it's even.
So if you have no remaining part then I want to return Green as a string.
Otherwise I want to return read.
So this method simply returns does check all use free equal sign who also assigns to as a check d the
type that we really ought to have two numbers here.
And now with that with that method returning a string we can go back to the template and use a number
directive.
Remember in view we could rebind the style attribute of this element in re-act we set a style equal
to the javascript object Engler kind of has a mixture in angler.
We use a directive for this.
It's a special directive and it's called ngi style which allows us to dynamically change the style of
element behind the scenes that will reach out to the style attribute and property of element and we'll
change it.
Now Engy style needs some input.
We need to tell it which stars do we want to change how.
So we need to send some data into Engy style and as we learn we can pass data to something by wrapping
it in square brackets.
So and restyled styled this directive shipping with angular actually has a property named end style
and there that is the property we bind to here with property binding can be confusing but it's really
important.
And the directive is just named Engy style without the square brackets.
But this directive happens to also have a property just like our class here has a property named name
happens to have a property named Engy style and it has the same name for the property as for that directive.
So that we can easily and conveniently just bind to the directive like this.
It's a shortcut offered by Engler and we do bind cutis property in this directive with this command.
So now we pass some data into that directive.
And then she style happens to expect a javascript object.
So single curly braces don't mistake that with double curly braces.
We're not using string ablation here because we already used the square brackets.
So we already are binding to the data and just like for ID where I also told you to not use to double
curly braces.
We don't do it here.
Single curly braces simply means pass a javascript object and this object now has a key value pairs
where the key is the style you want to change and the value Wilda value of the style you want to set
the style you want to change could be background color camel case because the dash is a forbidden character
in a property name if you want to use the normal Zia's as a name you can use background color repped
in single quotation marks.
But I'll go back to the camel case notation.
Both will work though.
So background color and now it will call gef color which if you recall it simply returns me a string.
It simply returns me green or red.
However get color expects to get the element but I have the element here since I am inside the loop
so I can't just pass out like this.
Now if we save this and go back to that page if I start adding elements you'll see or even as colored
differently.
So dead were X and we're now applying or Stahl's conditionally with and you style.